README.md, before:

# Grimm Child Upgrades

A simple Hollow Knight mod supporting lifeblood that buffs the player's grimmchild to make it a better, and more useful charm.

Hate grimmchild? Well you will love the new one who is:

* Moves and shoots faster
* Fires quicker fireballs
* Is quieter (60% normal volume by default)
* Deals more damage
* Fires larger fireballs far more accurately, which can travel through the ground.
* ...But costs more notches

How much better is the new grimmchild anyway? [stats.md explains it](stats.md).

Other features:

* Optional Infinite Grimm integration- The better you do, the stronger your grimmchild will become.
* Fully customizable power levels. For those of you with better ideas about what "balance" means. Set grimmchild's damage to 10,000 or volume to maximum if you want.
* Choose Grimmchild's color, or even opacity. Why limit your fire god to red?

### How to install

This mod depends on:

[ModCommon](https://github.com/Kerr1291/ModCommon) by Kerr1291

[Modding API](https://github.com/seanpr96/HollowKnight.Modding) by Wyza, Firzen, and Seanpr

So first install these from either github or the google drive.

Then download or compile the Grimmchild Upgrades dll from the "releases" section.

It is highly recommended you install this mod alongside [Infinite Grimm](https://github.com/natis1/infinitegrimm)

---

Note about copyright:

All files with the exception of PlayMakerFSMExtensions.cs are copyright under the Gnu Public License Version 3 (see LICENSE).

FsmUtil originally by KDT and obtained from 56's Mantis God's repository. Used in accordance with the Gnu Public License Version 3

PlayMaker FSM Extensions by Seanpr from Randomizer 2.0 mod. Used with permission. Because of the terms of the GPLv3, this file is also licensed under these terms.

---

Special thanks: Basically everyone who has ever made a hollow knight mod for helping me out. This includes, but is not limited to, people I stole code from like: KDT, Gradow, Seanpr, 56, and Firzen.

Commit message:

Add youtube video demo of mod

README.md, after:

# Grimm Child Upgrades

A simple Hollow Knight mod supporting lifeblood that buffs the player's grimmchild to make it a better, and more useful charm.

Hate grimmchild? Well you will love the new one who is:

* Moves and shoots faster
* Fires quicker fireballs
* Is quieter (60% normal volume by default)
* Deals more damage
* Fires larger fireballs far more accurately, which can travel through the ground.
* ...But costs more notches

How much better is the new grimmchild anyway? [stats.md explains it](stats.md).

Or, [watch this video to see it in action](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uS3XNqguiIQ).

Other features:

* Optional Infinite Grimm integration- The better you do, the stronger your grimmchild will become.
* Fully customizable power levels. For those of you with better ideas about what "balance" means. Set grimmchild's damage to 10,000 or volume to maximum if you want.
* Choose Grimmchild's color, or even opacity. Why limit your fire god to red?

### How to install

This mod depends on:

[ModCommon](https://github.com/Kerr1291/ModCommon) by Kerr1291

[Modding API](https://github.com/seanpr96/HollowKnight.Modding) by Wyza, Firzen, and Seanpr

So first install these from either github or the google drive.

Then download or compile the Grimmchild Upgrades dll from the "releases" section.

It is highly recommended you install this mod alongside [Infinite Grimm](https://github.com/natis1/infinitegrimm)

---

Note about copyright:

All files with the exception of PlayMakerFSMExtensions.cs are copyright under the Gnu Public License Version 3 (see LICENSE).

FsmUtil originally by KDT and obtained from 56's Mantis God's repository. Used in accordance with the Gnu Public License Version 3

PlayMaker FSM Extensions by Seanpr from Randomizer 2.0 mod. Used with permission. Because of the terms of the GPLv3, this file is also licensed under these terms.

---

Special thanks: Basically everyone who has ever made a hollow knight mod for helping me out. This includes, but is not limited to, people I stole code from like: KDT, Gradow, Seanpr, 56, and Firzen.
